okay so we were sitting outside fortune
of war and suddenly we saw a bunch of
smoke coming out the top of the chimney
and then we looked inside and there's a
massive grease fire something going on
and now the shops cleared out it's
laying smokey inside there and I think
someone just ran off to go call the fire
brigade
that's what sufficient Russell did you
sit you work at that much oil cheese
okay you can see the smokes actually
bellowing up the at the chip shop
I think it's getting to turning out to
be quite a quite a serious situation
but on the plus side it's still in last
down the beach
where's the owner in the background with
the fire extinguisher
we're gonna manage to put the fire out
already
or it looks like the fire is kicking up
again we can actually see his flames
inside you know try and take a closer
look
yeah that chip shops going up man yeah I
think I'm gonna start moving away the
skin quite serious the whole chip shops
going up I've been picking a radio in
the parking think you're just gonna move
away just in case there's any gas or
anything inside there that's going to
panels definitely want to move out of
the way yeah Dale let's move out of the
way man something blows that shit's
going to go
yeah letters with serious
let's move out the way we should yeah
everybody started getting the idea now
oh there goes there because everybody's
got that there now the trip shops going
up in flames holy crap
it's crazy out just literally they
thought it was contained a few seconds
ago
everybody's moving back it's pretty
intense
there's the fire brigade up top
here's the Vagos flash you can feel the
heat from here you can actually yeah you
can feel the heat from here it's so hot
I think things are gonna start exploding
already think we're gonna stop moving
backward you can see the plumes of black
smoke they are starting to pull people
to get back you see the fire brigade up
top they're busy running down
that take this movie I want to get some
stuff in the DSLR
I'm going to quickly get my other camera
out and try and shoot them first ups